  Program  GETPAR  parses a spool file of the listing of Solve
solution, find some fields and writes down the following files:
                                                                      
   1) .sta -file with global positions of the stations. The list is
      sorted in alphabetic order. Stations before and after episodic
      motions are treated as different stations. Correlations between
      station positions and velocities are also written.
   2) .vel -file with global velocities of the stations. The list is
                 sorted in alphabetic order. Stations before and after
                 episodic  motions are treated as the same stations.
   3) .sou -file with global positions of the sources. The list is
                 sorted in increasing right ascensions. Correlations
                 between right ascension and declination are also
                 written.
   4) .eop -file with of EOP series : Xpole, Ypole, Ut1, Ut1_rate,
                 Ut1_acceleration.
   5) .nut -file with daily series of nutation angles.
   6) .crl -file with series of covariances matrices between EOP of
                 the same session.
   7) .lso -file with series of positions of sources estimated as
                 local parameters.
   8) .lst -file with series of positions of stations estimated as
                 local parameters.
   9) .bas -file with series of baseline length.
  10) .eob -file with EOP series in IERS EOP-B format.
  11) .trp -file with adjustments of troposphere path delay.
  12) .erm -file with adjustments of the B-spline Earth rotation
                 model.
  13) .heo -file with adjustments of the harmonic Earth rotation
                 model.
  14) .rms -file with weighted root mean squares of postfit residuals
                 for each session sorted in decreasing rms.

  Usage: getpar <spool_file> <prefix>

      where spool_file is the name of Solve spool file of global
   solution in either complete or back mode; prefix is the main
   portion of the output filenames including path. The actual names of
   the output files are results of concatenation of prefix with
   extension.
