use_deltran version 1.0  of  2001.12.20

   Program USE_DELTRAN  works as a user program in Solve. It is used  
   for comparison of two two databases which correspond to the same   
   experiment but were produced by different fringing. It is assumed  
   1) databases has at least 80% of the same observations.            
   2) Program SET_DELTRAN has run with the alternative database.      
                                                                      
   Program SET_DELTRAN created an intermediate file which keeps       
   delays phases, suppression status and some other information about 
   alternative session.                                               
                                                                      
   USE_DELTRAN reads this intermediate file and tries to match each   
   observation from the intermediate file (and therefore from the     
   alternative database) with the observation from the current        
   database. All observations in the current database which were not  
   matched with alternative database are marked as outliers.          
   USE_DELTRAN changes suppression status for matched observations    
   in current database to the values from the alternative database.   
   It sets mode calibration USERMCAL which would keep for 6           
   observables: group delay at both bands, phase delay at both bands, 
   phase delay rate at both bands to the value: CURRENT_DATABASE      
   minus ALTERNATIVE_DATABASE. Program USE_DELTRAN also sets status   
   flag: to use USERMCAL calibration.                                 
                                                                      
   When USERMCAL mode calibration is on, then Solve will effectively  
   use delays, phases, phase rates from alternative database. When    
   USERMCAL mode calibrations off, then Solve will use delays, rates  
   and phases from the current database.                              
                                                                      
   Caveat: After using USE_DELTRAN the number of suppressed           
   observations may increase. Observations will be suppressed if      
   1) they were suppressed in the current database;                   
   2) they were suppressed in the alternative database;               
   3) they were not matched between the current and alternative       
      database;                                                       
