  Program  GETPAR  parses a spool file of the listing of Solve
solution, find some fields and writes down the following files:
                                                                      
   1) .sta -file with global positions of the stations. The list is   
      sorted in alphabetic order. Stations before and after episodic  
      motions are treated as different stations. Correlations between 
      station positions and velocities are also written.              
   2) .vel -file with global velocities of the stations. The list is  
      sorted in alphabetic order. Stations before and after episodic  
      motions are treated as the same stations.                       
   3) .sou -file with global positions of the sources. The list is    
      sorted in increasing right ascensions. Correlations between     
      right ascension and declination are also written.               
   4) .eop -file with of EOP series : Xpole, Ypole, Ut1, Ut1_rate,    
           Ut1_acceleration.                                            
   5) .nut -file with daily series of nutation angles.                
   6) .crl -file with series of covariances matrices between EOP of   
      the same session.                                               
   7) .lso -file with series of positions of sources estimated as     
      local parameters.                                               
   8) .lst -file with series of positions of stations estimated as    
      local parameters.                                               
   9) .bas -file with series of baseline length.                      
  10) .eob -file with EOP series in IERS EOP-B format.                
  11) .trp -file with adjustments of troposphere path delay.          
  12) .trs -file with statistics of troposphere path delay.           
  13) .erm -file with adjustments of the B-spline Earth rotation      
      model.                                                          
  14) .heo -file with adjustments of the harmonic Earth rotation      
      model.                                                          
  15) .npv -file with adjustments and covariance matrices for         
                 non-linear variations in site positions.             
  16) .bsp -file with adjustments to coefficients of site position     
                 variations expansion over the B-spline basis.        
  17) .hps -file with adjustments to harmonic coefficients of site     
                 position variations. (expansion over Fourier basis).  
  18) .apr -file with description of the apriori model used in the    
                 solution.                                            
  19) .rms -file with weighted root mean squares of postfit residuals 
                 for each session sorted in decreasing rms.           
  20) .cns -file with description of constraints imposed on global    
                 parameters.                                           

  Usage: getpar <spool_file> <prefix>

      where spool_file is the name of Solve spool file of global
   solution in either complete or back mode; prefix is the main
   portion of the output filenames including path. The actual names of
   the output files are results of concatenation of prefix with
   extension.
